new things to discover common objects
hide secret purposes not many people
know about the blue bristles on most
toothbrushes tell you when to change the
brush if they fade it's time the loops
on the frame of a shopping cart or for
hanging fragile goods like eggs and
fresh bread so other groceries don't
crush them a pop-can tab has a hole on
the other end so you can twist it around
and put a straw through it the metal tip
of a tape measure has a slit that lets
you anchor it to a nail or screw you can
also press the tip against the surface
to make marks when your pencils not
within reach to open a glass bottle
without a bottle opener
hold the bottle vertically by the neck
press your thumb on the lid and cling
the edge of it onto something hard
gently hit your wrist not the bottle and
the glass won't break but the cap will
pop off you don't need a special scissor
sharpener do those even exist
cutting fine sandpaper or folded
aluminum foil will do the trick
coins haven't always had ridges on the
edges back when they were made of gold
and silver people would shave off pieces
from the sides and melt enough shavings
to make a whole new coin the ribs were
put there to show the coin is still
intact today it's more of a tradition
you can use a penny to check the tread
on your tires put the coin in between
the tread lines with a head upside down
if you can see in the top of the head
well it's time to pony up for some new
tires at small square piece of fabric
that comes with clothes often with a
button sewn to it isn't for patching
halls it's so you can test if the
material fades stays or pills in the
wash before you throw the whole garment
in the machine and possibly ruin it side
holes in the bottom of converses are
actually Lakes holes tray looping your
shoestrings through them and you'll get
a better fit with less rubbing on the
heal paper margins started out as a way
to prevent important information from
winding
in a rat belly people kept they're
riding away from the edges because
that's where rats chewed books and paper
and storage the blue and red parts of
the eraser aren't for pen and pencil the
red side rubs the pencil particles out
of the paper while the blue side is
stiffer and scrubs off a thin layer from
the paper itself
that's why is for tougher grades of
paper whether it's getting rid of pen or
pencil unfold the pleated paper cup you
get for condiments at fast-food places
you'll have enough room to dunk nuggets
and a whole handful of fries same goes
for the oyster pails you get four
takeaway unfolded and you get an entire
plate a utility knife has a removable
part on the end of the handle use it to
snap off the dull piece of the blade to
reveal a new sharp line a pen cap has a
small hole in the top in case of
accidental swallowing it keeps the
airway unblocked the loop on the back of
a shirt came from sailors who'd hang
their shirts from hooks on the ship this
locker loop is still useful for hanging
the shirt without a hanger the metal
plate on a stapler base is turnable
rotate it and the staples pins will be
bent outward
this creates easily removable temporary
staples lids on paper and plastic to-go
cups work as coasters the ring in the
middle of the lid is exactly the size to
fit the bottom of the cup the lid slips
also catch dripping condensation from
cold drinks the hole in your frying pans
handle could hold your stirring spoon
and keep it from messing the counter or
stovetop a pasta spoon has a hole in the
middle to measure out one serving before
you cook the spaghetti noodles you can
change which side your fridge door opens
on those round plastic caps on the top
and bottom of the door on the handle
side cover holes needed to do the job
you can use your car's detachable
headrest to break the window in case you
get stuck in just slip one of the legs
down in between the door and the glass
pane and it'll shatter the glass with
some shimmying
the small dive on the back of an iPhone
between the camera lens and flash is the
third microphone is for noise
cancellation during conversation and
sound enhancement when recording videos
ever notice the tiny hole in the bottom
of a lock it's there so excess water on
rainy days can drain out this is also
where you're supposed to add oil when
the thing jams if you look at your gas
gauge on the dash you'll notice a little
arrow on the gas pump it shows which
side of the car the tank is on a must
know when you're renting a vehicle or
just got some new wheels jerrycans have
three handles so you can carry it
without sloshing the liquid around you
grab the middle one if you're alone or
you and a friend each grab a side one
and gas cans have an extra tiny hole to
prevent glugging that's a real word keep
it open and it gives the air somewhere
to escape wooden closet hangers are
often made of cedar because it repels
bugs and smells knives but if your
delicate tops keep slipping off your
wooden hangers wrap some pipe cleaners
around the shoulder part buttons were
originally put on the left side of
women's garments because it was easier
for their right-handed maids to dress
them people dress themselves nowadays
but the tradition stock the F&J buttons
on the keyboard have tiny bumps so you
can quickly find your home row keys
without looking they mark where your
index fingers should be see the 57
itched into the neck of a glass ketchup
bottle that's where you're supposed to
tap it to get the sauce out not from the
bottom the number in the upper right
corner of hinds packets shows which line
the packet was manufactured on that's
all similar story with the colorful
boxes on toothpaste tubes they tell the
manufacturers machines where to cut and
fold the plastic a Toblerone bar is
shaped with those triangular tooth like
pieces so you can break a piece off
easier just press the mountain top on
the end toward the one next to it you
mean somebody doesn't know this already
tricolor toothpaste is a marketing trick
to show you all those helpful
ingredients red is for gums white
whitens teeth and blue freshens breath
solid color toothpaste has all these
components they're just mixed up if base
is good for polishing silver but use the
all white one that has fluorine you can
also shine your silverware with ketchup
just spread it all over the silver
service wait a few minutes and rinse
with warm water the folded flaps on top
of juice boxes are there so you can hold
the box without squeezing the liquid out
the drawer under the oven isn't for
storing kitchenware
it was put there so you can keep ready
dishes warm while others are still
cooking a tic-tac container lid has a
special little compartment in the flap
to extract just one mint most of us eat
them by the handful though the backs of
UK coins have seemingly random pictures
and lines put all the coins together
from the penny to the fifty pence piece
and you'll see the Royal coat of arms
you can use tongs to squeeze a lemon
just put the lemon between the handles
and squeeze bobby pins are meant to be
used with a zigzag part closer to the
scalp it holds its place better than the
straight slippy side a McFlurry has a
square shaped hole inside the spoon
handle that tapers to the bottom before
serving it the spoon attaches to a
machine that mixes the dessert and
that's more quirky queries of the cosmos
revealed